malee guy is a founder and owner of
Stone Fox bride the popular wedding
boutique for the alternative bride we
sat down over t to talk pursuing her
passion and trusting the journey where
should I start in the journey the most
exciting place or the most emotionally
difficult really whatever you say like
the most exciting for me to be like the
most miserable okay that's perfect I
spent so much of my life lying in bed
like willing things happen like
visualizing will it like making it
happen and so much of that stuff did
happen but looking back and I feel like
if I have loosened the reins quite a bit
I we would have been a lot happier
there's this quote the Allen Ginsberg
that like don't fool yourself the light
at the end of the tunnel is usually just
the glare of the incoming training like
stuck on something I rewrote my book but
I got really hung up on the edits and I
kept writing it and rewriting and
rewriting it during this time I took a
job and I really hate it and I took
another job that I really hated and was
just like spinning my wheels I felt so
unhappy and during this time I got
married and
I was getting married like the only
respite from my shitty job was going to
look at like the flower places and
playing the menu and the cake test case
thing and looking for dresses and just
kind of like creatively brainstorming
and i'm i also noticed like when I was
at work trying to like plan my wedding I
couldn't like find that like fun website
that I wanted to like dive into and like
get lost in and procrastinate from that
there was no like wedding culture that I
identified with after I got married
which was really fun I felt really sad
when it was over because it was like the
one thing that I really like sustained
me I said to a friend of mine too bad I
can't get married for him as a career
because I really enjoyed it I was really
good at it you know I had this idea for
a wedding store that would be really
beautiful wedding dresses and just like
a pretty curated shopped so that's a
good idea that doesn't exist and one
thing led to another
then that was that was three years ago
this month and that was how it all
started would you like to see flourish
in your life I would like for my
business to flourish as a result of me
like really taking the time to do the
hard thing which is not just like put my
head in the clouds and like get on the
Pinterest for it but really
assess the numbers and make smart moves
based on and not based on the hard facts
based on the numbers what is your most
complex relationship probably my
relationship to my mom it's a constant
battle ground of like cognitive
dissonance like on the one hand there's
so much love and there's so much joy and
then there's also and I'm sure she feels
it too with this like the disappointment
the confusion the longing the loss did a
lot change for you after you had your
daughter in terms of your relationship
with your mom I like look at my daughter
of his like so obsessed with me she's 2
years old and that you know it's
probably a few more years till she like
is embarrassed of me and doesn't want to
be seen with me and then till she hates
me you're 90 she wants my car keys and
you know what I mean like the whole time
like I think it's our job as a mother
just to be like present and um and not
swayed by there our daughters like
emotional and sanity but it must be but
it's hard for on both both for both
parties I think I think I just became
much more sensitive to probably her side
of the story what is your most grounding
ritual that you do take a hot bath when
I really at the end of the day to go
super super super super hot bath it's
nice to do that at the end
you can't there are no such name this
morning to have a child fair enough fair
enough
what do you feel it comes most naturally
to you and what do you feel sort of you
struggle to navigate the most do you
like I want to be brave and it's heart
that's probably the thing that's hardest
for me right and the thing that comes
most naturally to me is probably like my
friendships and my relationships and
both are like valuable you know I think
the older I get the more aware I become
of how much I have this need to be liked
and I'm aware of how much time I wasted
I be liked or be funny or be cool or be
easygoing and it's a real waste of time
and of money like especially when I
first opened my business I had employees
and I was just like wanted them to like
me looking back on it now it's just like
such a waste you know it's so much
easier to like smile and brush things
under the rug than the same like this is
totally unacceptable and this is not
gonna work and let's sit down and figure
out how this doesn't happen again like I
don't want to do that I'm a
second child like Pisces it's the last
that's the last thing I want to do as a
middle child and it's sort of like a
natural people pleaser what keeps you
going through those moments when you're
like this is all on me you're not doing
anyone any favors when you don't when
know when someone in a leadership role
doesn't act like a leader and so it's
like in my employees best interest for
me - for me to be a leader and not to
like cower and be cowardly
wishy-washy and helps me to remember
that there are women that are getting
married that are in need of the service
or I'm providing so in order for me to
make that service available I have to
show up and do my job there's like women
that I admire like Kim Gordon or
Julianne Moore or Margaret aura or
Louise Bourgeois or Michelle Obama or
Margaret that I mean anyone you I would
imagine that very few of those women
really give a about how their life
I would like to think they know so much
it's just they care about like who
they're showing up for and what their
message is and fulfilling like their
meaning
you